Add --format base64 option for transaction output (#12)
smartcontractkit/ccip-solana-bs58-generator: README.md

- **Custom RPC**: Specify any Solana RPC endpoint
- **Mutual exclusivity**: Cannot use both options simultaneously

#### Transaction Output Format

> By default, generated transactions are encoded as **Base58** for Squads multisig import. To output **Base64** instead, pass `--format base64` or set the env var in your shell:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Transaction Output Format

The CLI generates a serialized Solana transaction and can display it in either Base58 or Base64 encoding.

- `base58` (default): Recommended for Solana-native workflows such as Squads multisig transaction import.
- `base64`: Recommended for API-based integrations and custody platforms such as Fireblocks.

Both formats represent the exact same serialized transaction bytes. The selected format only changes how the transaction is encoded for transport or display.
```

```bash
export CCIP_TX_OUTPUT_FORMAT=base64

pnpm bs58 --env devnet \
  burnmint-token-pool --instruction accept-ownership \
  --program-id "Your_Program_ID" \
  --mint "Token_Mint_Address" \
  --authority "New_Authority_PublicKey"
```

Or persist it in a local `.env` file and load it into your shell session:

```bash
echo 'export CCIP_TX_OUTPUT_FORMAT=base64' > .env
source .env

pnpm bs58 --env devnet \
  burnmint-token-pool --instruction accept-ownership \
  --program-id "Your_Program_ID" \
  --mint "Token_Mint_Address" \
  --authority "New_Authority_PublicKey"
```

> **Note:** The CLI does not auto-load `.env` files — you must `source .env` (or `export` manually) so the variable is available to the process. Use `export` in the file so child processes inherit it. `.env` is gitignored.

Or per invocation with the flag:

```bash
pnpm bs58 --env devnet --format base64 \
  burnmint-token-pool --instruction accept-ownership \
  --program-id "Your_Program_ID" \
  --mint "Token_Mint_Address" \
  --authority "New_Authority_PublicKey"
```

**Precedence:** `--format` flag → `CCIP_TX_OUTPUT_FORMAT` env var → `base58` default.

> Both formats encode the same serialized transaction bytes. Format settings only affect display output, accept `base58` or `base64` (case-insensitive), and are ignored when using `--execute`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both formats encode the same serialized transaction bytes. Format settings only affect display output, accept `base58` or `base64` (case-insensitive). When using `--execute`, the transaction is signed and submitted directly to the blockchain. No transaction payload is emitted, so the output format setting has no effect.
```
